[DOCS] 8.4 release notes (#2314)
elastic/security-docs: docs/release-notes/8.4.asciidoc

[[release-notes-header-8.4.0]]
== 8.4

[discrete]
[[release-notes-8.4.0]]
=== 8.4.0

[discrete]
[[known-issue-8.4.0]]
==== Known issue
* If additional look-back time is set for the advanced query rule preview, alerts from source documents that are outside the preview time frame may not appear in the preview ({pull}137422[#137422]).

[discrete]
[[breaking-changes-8.4.0]]
==== Breaking changes
// tag::breaking-changes[]
// NOTE: The breaking-changes tagged regions are reused in the Elastic Installation and Upgrade Guide. The pull attribute is defined within this snippet so it properly resolves in the output.
:pull: {pull}
// end::breaking-changes[]

[discrete]
[[features-8.4.0]]
==== Features

> * Creates a new rule type, New Terms, that fires when a value appears for the first time in a particular field ({pull}134526[#134526]).

Reviewer: Maybe more precise?
```suggestion
* Creates a new rule type, New Terms, that creates an alert when a value appears for the first time in a particular field ({pull}134526[#134526]).
```

* Adds the Insights section to the Alert details flyout to show related cases and alerts ({pull}136009[#136009], {pull}138419[#138419])

> * Shows process alerts in the event process analyzer {pull}135340[#135340]).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Shows process alerts in the event process analyzer ({pull}135340[#135340]).
```

* Adds support for wildcard exceptions for detection rules. New operators are `matches` and `does not match` ({pull}136147[#136147]).
* Adds a new search query parameter, `dry_run`, to the bulk actions API that allows you to simulate a bulk action without permanently updating rules ({pull}134664[#134664]).

> * Creates the Responder, an interface that enables you to take actions on specific hosts ({pull}135360[#135360], {pull}134520[#134520])

Reviewer: They renamed the UI:
```suggestion
* Creates the response console, an interface that enables you to take actions on specific hosts ({pull}135360[#135360], {pull}134520[#134520])
```

* Enables a new method for the Task Manager API: `bulkUpdateSchedules`, which enables you to update the execution timing of `idle` tasks ({pull}132637[#132637]).

[discrete]
[[bug-fixes-8.4.0]]
==== Bug fixes and enhancements
* Updates the Network page's UI to match the Hosts and Users pages ({pull}137541[#137541], {pull}136913[#136913]).
* Fixes an error that could occur when you tried to apply an index pattern to rules using the bulk action option ({pull}134664[#134664]).
* Enhances rule previews with configurable rule intervals and look-back times ({pull}137102[#137102]).
* Enhances the `status pending` badge for endpoint actions with a detailed status when you hover on it ({pull}136966[#136966]).
* Turns grouped navigation on by default ({pull}136819[#136819]).
* Adds a confirmation dialog to bulk rule export ({pull}136418[#136418]).
* Adds index pattern information to the Inspect panel ({pull}136407[#136407]).

> * Adds a custom dashboards table to the Dashboards page ({pull}136221[#136221], {pull}136671[#136671]).).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Adds a custom dashboards table to the Dashboards page ({pull}136221[#136221], {pull}136671[#136671]).
```

* Updates the lists index template to use new logic ({pull}133067[#133067]).
* Adds event filters to event correlation rules ({pull}132507[#132507]).
* Allows you to define a data view or index pattern for rules ({pull}130929[#130929]).
* Adds a treemap and multi-dimensional alert grouping to the Alerts page ({pull}126896[#126896]).
* Fixes an incorrect counter for exported rules ({pull}138598[#138598]).
* Fixes event filters based on OS version ({pull}138517[#138517]).
* Fixes a bug that could change the batch size for event search in indicator rules ({pull}138356[#138356]).
* Fixes a bug that could crash the Alert details flyout ({pull}138331[#138331]).
* Fixes the preview button for {ml} rules ({pull}137878[#137878]).
* Fixes a bug that could crash the Endpoints list when a policy ID was missing ({pull}137788[#137788]).
* Fixes a bug that could interfere with opening host or user details pages ({pull}137719[#137719]).
* Fixes several bugs related to refreshing the Alerts page ({pull}137620[#137620]).
* Fixes a bug with bulk rule deletion with a defined data view ({pull}137585[#137585]).
* Fixes a bug with look-back time in the **Advanced query preview** ({pull}137517[#137517]).

> * Fixes a bug that prevented Threshold Rules' Timeline templates from being respected during investigations ({pull}137233[#137233]).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixes a bug that prevented threshold rules' Timeline templates from being respected during investigations ({pull}137233[#137233]).
```

* Fixes a permissions bug related to the **Save Timeline** button ({pull}136724[#136724]).
* Fixes a bug with selecting Timeline templates with the same name ({pull}135694[#135694]).
* Fixes field aliases to `signal-threshold_result.*` ({pull}135565[#135565]).
* Fixes a bug that lost track of which rules you had selected after refreshing the Rules page ({pull}135533[#135533]).
* Fixes a bug that lost track of which rules you had selected after applying a bulk action on the Rules page ({pull}135291[#135291]).

> * Fixes a bug that prevented the rule details table from pausing auto-refresh while bulk actions are being applied ({pull}135208[135208]).

Reviewer: I think this is just the Rules table, not details:
```suggestion
* Fixes a bug that prevented the Rules table from pausing auto-refresh while bulk actions are being applied ({pull}135208[135208]).
```

Reviewer 2: Yep, you're correct @joepeeples .

[[release-notes-header-8.4.0]]
== 8.4

[discrete]
[[release-notes-8.4.0]]
=== 8.4.0

[discrete]
[[known-issue-8.4.0]]
==== Known issue

> 

Reviewer 2: If additional lookback time is set for the advanced query rule preview, alerts from source documents that are outside the preview time frame may not appear in the preview ({pull}137422[#137422]).

> 

Reviewer 2: If additional lookback time is set for the advanced query rule preview, alerts from source documents that are outside the preview time frame may not appear in the preview ({pull}137422[#137422]).

[discrete]
[[breaking-changes-8.4.0]]
==== Breaking changes
// tag::breaking-changes[]
// NOTE: The breaking-changes tagged regions are reused in the Elastic Installation and Upgrade Guide. The pull attribute is defined within this snippet so it properly resolves in the output.
:pull: https://github.com/elastic/kibana/pull/
// end::breaking-changes[]

[discrete]
[[features-8.4.0]]
==== Features

> * Creates a new rule type, New Terms, that fires when a value appears for the first time in a particular field (https://github.com/elastic/kibana/pull/134526[#134526]).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Creates the new terms type, which generates alerts when a value appears for the first time in a particular field (https://github.com/elastic/kibana/pull/134526[#134526]).
```

Reviewer 2: Made some edits, but @jmikell821 might have a more comprehensive summary for this one.

> * Adds related alerts based on process ancestry to alert details ({pull}136009[#136009], {pull}138419[#138419], {pull}135340[#135340]).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Adds the Insights section to the Alert details flyout to show related cases and alerts ({pull}136009[#136009], {pull}138419[#138419])
* Shows process alerts in the event process analyzer {pull}135340[#135340]).
```

> * Adds docs for Osquery API ({pull}137162[#137162]).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer 2: Removing because Osquery PRs are currently doc'd in the Kibana release notes. :)

> * Creates the "Create dashboard" button to the Dashboards landing page ({pull}136671[#136671]).

Reviewer 2: Can this be lumped in with the description for the new Dashboards page?

> * Adds support for wildcard exceptions for detection rules. New operators are "matches" and "does not match" ({pull}136147[#136147]).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Adds support for wildcard exceptions for detection rules. New operators are `matches` and `does not match` ({pull}136147[#136147]).
```

> * Adds a new search query parameter, `dry_run`, to the bulk actions API that allows you to simulate a bulk action without updating rules ({pull}134664[#134664]).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Adds a new search query parameter, `dry_run`, to the bulk actions API that allows you to simulate a bulk action without permanently updating rules ({pull}134664[#134664]).
```

> * Creates the Responder, an interface that enables you to take actions on specific hosts ({pull}134520[#134520])

Reviewer 2: @joepeeples flagging this in case you have a specific summary in mind for this feature.

* Enables a new method for the Task Manager API: `bulkUpdateSchedules`, which enables you to update the execution timing of `idle` tasks ({pull}132637[#132637]).

[discrete]
[[bug-fixes-8.4.0]]
==== Bug fixes and enhancements

> * Updates the Network page's UI to match other overview pages ({pull}137541[#137541], {pull}136913[#136913]).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Updates the Network page's UI to match the Hosts and Users pages ({pull}137541[#137541], {pull}136913[#136913]).
```

> * Fixes an error that could occur when you tried to apply an index pattern to rules as a bulk action ({pull}134664[#134664]).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Fixes an error that could occur when you tried to apply an index pattern to rules using the bulk action option ({pull}134664[#134664]).
```

* Enhances rule previews with configurable rule intervals and look-back times ({pull}137102[#137102]).

> * Enhances the "status pending" badge for endpoint actions with detailed status when you hover on it ({pull}136966[#136966]).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Enhances the `status pending` badge for endpoint actions with a detailed status when you hover on it ({pull}136966[#136966]).
```

* Turns grouped navigation on by default ({pull}136819[#136819]).
* Adds a confirmation dialog to bulk rule export ({pull}136418[#136418]).

> * Adds index pattern info to the Inspect panel({pull}136407[#136407]).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Adds index pattern information to the Inspect panel ({pull}136407[#136407]).
```

Reviewer 2: Also, I'm not sure whether the window that appears is a panel or a some other UI element.

* Adds a custom dashboards table to the Dashboards page ({pull}136221[#136221]).
* Fixes a performance issue with alerts that have large fields ({pull}135956[#135956]).

> * Replaces the response actions timeline with the response actions log ({pull}135360[#135360]).

Reviewer 2: This can probably be lumped in with the summary for the response console.

> * Updates the UI for displaying Exceptions ({pull}135255[#135255]).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Updates the rule exceptions UI ({pull}135255[#135255]).
```

* Fixes performance issues with rules management ({pull}135311[#135311]).

> * Allows you to define a fallback `@timestamp` when you've defined a timestamp override ({pull}135116[#135116]).

Reviewer 2: I thought this allows users to define a fallback timestamp in place of the timestamp override field. @jmikell821 would you mind taking a look at this summary?

> * Enhances the Host risk score modal UI ({pull}133708[#133708]).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Enhances the host risk score modal UI ({pull}133708[#133708]).
```

> * Updates the lists index template to new logic ({pull}133067[#133067]).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Updates the lists index template to use new logic ({pull}133067[#133067]).
```

> * Adds event filters to the Event Correlation rule type ({pull}132507[#132507]).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Adds event filters to event correlation rules ({pull}132507[#132507]).
```

* Allows you to define a data view or index pattern for rules ({pull}130929[#130929]).

> * Adds a treemap and multi-dimensional alert grouping to the Alerts page ({pull}126896[#126896]).

Reviewer 2: Flagging this for you @joepeeples

Reviewer: This should be in Features since it's a big new change. Here's some suggested rewording:
```suggestion
* Creates a single visualization pane on the Alerts page, and adds a treemap view that shows the distribution of alerts as nested, proportionally-sized tiles. ({pull}126896[#126896]).
```

* Fixes an incorrect counter for exported rules ({pull}138598[#138598]).
* Fixes event filters based on OS version ({pull}138517[#138517]).

> * Fixes a bug that could change the batch size for event search in Indicator Rules ({pull}138356[#138356]).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Fixes a bug that could change the batch size for event search in indicator rules ({pull}138356[#138356]).
```

> * Fixes a bug that could crash the alert flyout ({pull}138331[#138331]).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Fixes a bug that could crash the Alert details flyout ({pull}138331[#138331]).
```

* Fixes the preview button for {ml} rules ({pull}137878[#137878]).

> * Fixes a bug that could crash the Endpoint list when a policy ID was missing ({pull}137788[#137788]).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Fixes a bug that could crash the Endpoints list when a policy ID was missing ({pull}137788[#137788]).
```

* Fixes a bug that could interfere with opening host or user details pages ({pull}137719[#137719]).
* Fixes several bugs related to refreshing the Alerts page ({pull}137620[#137620]).

> * Fixes a bug with bulk rule deletion with a defined data view ({pull}137585[#137585]).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Fixes a bug with bulk rule deletion when deleting a defined data view ({pull}137585[#137585]).
```

> * Fixes a bug with look-back time in advanced query previews ({pull}137517[#137517]).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Fixes a bug with look-back time in the **Advanced query preview** ({pull}137517[#137517]).
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> * Fixes a bug that prevented Threshold Rules' timeline templates from being respected during investigations ({pull}137233[#137233]).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Fixes a bug that prevented threshold rules' Timeline templates from being respected during investigations ({pull}137233[#137233]).
```

> * Fixes a permissions bug related to the Save Timeline button ({pull}136724[#136724]).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Fixes a permissions bug related to the **Save Timeline** button ({pull}136724[#136724]).
```

> * Fixes a bug with selecting timeline templates with the same name ({pull}135694[#135694]).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Fixes a bug with selecting Timeline templates with the same name ({pull}135694[#135694]).
```

* Fixes field aliases to `signal-threshold_result.*` ({pull}135565[#135565]).
* Fixes a bug that lost track of which rules you had selected after refreshing the Rules page ({pull}135533[#135533]).

> * Fixes a bug that lost track of which rules you had selected alter applying a bulk action on the Rules page ({pull}135291[#135291]).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Fixes a bug that lost track of which rules you had selected after applying a bulk action on the Rules page ({pull}135291[#135291]).
```

* Fixes a bug that prevented the rule details table from pausing auto-refresh while bulk actions are being applied ({pull}135208[135208]).

> * Fixes a bug that could cuase queries with nested fields to fail open ({pull}134866[#134866]).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Fixes a bug that could cause queries with nested fields to fail open ({pull}134866[#134866]).
```

> * Fixes a bug that slowed down the display of Network details ({pull}133539[#133539]).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Fixes a bug that slowed down the display of network details ({pull}133539[#133539]).
```

> * Various minor bug fixes and enhancements ({pull}133079[#133079], {pull}138135[#138135], {pull}138286[#138286], {pull}138131[#138131], {pull}137588[#137588], {pull}137511[#137511], {pull}137492[#137492], {pull}135907[#135907], {pull}135426[#135426]).

Reviewer 2: Might be good to list these separately for visibility. Though, if you were specifically asked not to, ignore this comment. :)

> * Fixes a bug that prevented Threshold Rules' timeline templates from being respected during investigations (https://github.com/elastic/kibana/pull/137233[#137233]).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Fixes a bug that prevented Threshold Rules' Timeline templates from being respected during investigations (https://github.com/elastic/kibana/pull/137233[#137233]).
```

> * Fixes a bug with selecting timeline templates with the same name (https://github.com/elastic/kibana/pull/135694[#135694]).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Fixes a bug with selecting Timeline templates with the same name (https://github.com/elastic/kibana/pull/135694[#135694]).
```

[discrete]
[[breaking-changes-8.4.0]]
==== Breaking changes
// tag::breaking-changes[]
// NOTE: The breaking-changes tagged regions are reused in the Elastic Installation and Upgrade Guide. The pull attribute is defined within this snippet so it properly resolves in the output.
:pull: {pull}
There are no breaking changes in 8.4.0.
// end::breaking-changes[]

[discrete]
[[features-8.4.0]]
==== Features
* Creates a new rule type, New Terms, that creates an alert when a value appears for the first time in a particular field ({pull}134526[#134526]).
* Adds the Insights section to the Alert details flyout to show related cases and alerts ({pull}136009[#136009], {pull}138419[#138419])
* Shows process alerts in the event process analyzer ({pull}135340[#135340]).
* Adds support for wildcard exceptions for detection rules. New operators are `matches` and `does not match` ({pull}136147[#136147]).
* Adds a new search query parameter, `dry_run`, to the bulk actions API that allows you to simulate a bulk action without permanently updating rules ({pull}134664[#134664]).

> * Creates the response console, an interface that enables you to take actions on specific hosts ({pull}135360[#135360], {pull}134520[#134520])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Creates the response console, an interface that enables you to take actions on specific hosts ({pull}135360[#135360], {pull}134520[#134520]).
```

[[release-notes-header-8.4.0]]
== 8.4

[discrete]
[[release-notes-8.4.0]]
=== 8.4.0

[discrete]
[[known-issue-8.4.0]]

> ==== Known issue

Reviewer 3: Nit: issues?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
==== Known issues
```

* If additional look-back time is set for the advanced query rule preview, alerts from source documents that are outside the preview time frame may not appear in the preview ({pull}137422[#137422]).

> * A new Lucene 9 validation change causes errors when creating an event correlation rule for users who upgrade from {stack} version 7.x to 8.x. To fix this, use triple quotes `""" """` for regular expressions within an event correlation rule. 

Reviewer 2: @peluja1012 would you mind reviewing/approving this summary - thank you!

Reviewer 4: Hey @nastasha-solomon, I would mention that it only affects users who include regular expressions in their EQL queries. This would make it sound less scary. Other than that, it looks good!

[discrete]
[[breaking-changes-8.4.0]]
==== Breaking changes
// tag::breaking-changes[]
// NOTE: The breaking-changes tagged regions are reused in the Elastic Installation and Upgrade Guide. The pull attribute is defined within this snippet so it properly resolves in the output.
:pull: {pull}
There are no breaking changes in 8.4.0.
// end::breaking-changes[]

[discrete]
[[features-8.4.0]]

> ==== Features

Reviewer 5: Did we want to include the Cases Webhook Connector in this list? https://github.com/elastic/kibana/pull/131762

Reviewer 2: Because of the way the PR was labeled, it should be doc'd in the Kibana release notes for 8.4. I'm checking with @KOTungseth now.
cc: @lcawl

Reviewer 2: This is being added to the 8.4 Kibana release notes at https://github.com/elastic/kibana/pull/139311

* Creates a new rule type, New Terms, that creates an alert when a value appears for the first time in a particular field ({pull}134526[#134526]).
* Adds the Insights section to the Alert details flyout to show related cases and alerts ({pull}136009[#136009], {pull}138419[#138419])
* Shows process alerts in the event process analyzer ({pull}135340[#135340]).
* Adds support for wildcard exceptions for detection rules. New operators are `matches` and `does not match` ({pull}136147[#136147]).
* Adds a new search query parameter, `dry_run`, to the bulk actions API that allows you to simulate a bulk action without permanently updating rules ({pull}134664[#134664]).
* Creates the response console, an interface that enables you to take actions on specific hosts ({pull}135360[#135360], {pull}134520[#134520]).

> * Enables a new method for the Task Manager API: `bulkUpdateSchedules`, which enables you to update the execution timing of `idle` tasks ({pull}132637[#132637]).

Reviewer 3: I don't think this should be included. `bulkUpdateSchedules` is an internal method of the Alerting Framework and it's not available to end users. I don't know why it was labeled as a feature - to some extent, this is a "feature" of the Framework, but it's not a feature of Security Solution anyway.

> * Includes integration policy errors and statuses in both {fleet} and {elastic-sec} to help troubleshoot when an {agent} has an `Unhealthy` status.

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
* Includes integration policy errors and statuses in {fleet} and {elastic-sec} to help troubleshoot when an {agent} has an `Unhealthy` status.
```

* Adds Attack surface reduction protections feature to reduce vulnerabilities on Windows endpoints. Credential hardening prevents attackers from stealing credentials stored in Windows system process memory.
* Adds an endpoint self-healing feature to roll back file changes and processes on Windows endpoints when a prevention alert is generated by enabled protection features.
* Adds the ability to run query packs as live queries ({pull}132198[#132198]).
* Provides support for process, file, and network events in Kubernetes. You must enable the session view data setting on your {endpoint-cloud-sec} integration policy to enrich these events with session data and Kubernetes metadata fields.

[discrete]
[[bug-fixes-8.4.0]]
==== Bug fixes and enhancements
* Updates the Network page's UI to match the Hosts and Users pages ({pull}137541[#137541], {pull}136913[#136913]).

> * Improves the experience of bulk editing the index patterns on rules by warning users early that machine learning rules that can’t be edited ({pull}134664[#134664]).

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
* Improves the experience of bulk editing index patterns on rules by warning users early that machine learning rules can’t be edited ({pull}134664[#134664]).
```

* Enhances rule previews with configurable rule intervals and look-back times ({pull}137102[#137102]).
* Enhances the `status pending` badge for endpoint actions with a detailed status when you hover on it ({pull}136966[#136966]).
* Turns grouped navigation on by default ({pull}136819[#136819]).
* Improves the experience of bulk exporting rules by informing users early which rules can and cannot be exported ({pull}136418[#136418]).
* Adds index pattern information to the Inspect panel ({pull}136407[#136407]).
* Adds a custom dashboards table to the Dashboards page ({pull}136221[#136221], {pull}136671[#136671]).
* Fixes a performance issue with creating alerts from source documents that contain a large number of fields ({pull}135956[#135956]).
* Updates the rule exceptions UI ({pull}135255[#135255]).
* Fixes performance issues with rules management ({pull}135311[#135311]).

> * Allows you to define a fallback `@timestamp` when you've defined a timestamp override ({pull}135116[#135116]).

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
* Allows you to disable `@timestamp` as a fallback timestamp field when you've defined a timestamp override ({pull}135116[#135116]).
```

> * Enhances the host risk score modal UI ({pull}133708[#133708]).

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
* Enhances the host risk score UI ({pull}133708[#133708]).
```

* Fixes the preview button for {ml} rules ({pull}137878[#137878]).
* Fixes a bug that could crash the Endpoints list when a policy ID was missing ({pull}137788[#137788]).
* Fixes a bug that could interfere with opening host or user details pages ({pull}137719[#137719]).
* Fixes several bugs related to refreshing the Alerts page ({pull}137620[#137620]).
* Fixes a bug that prevented threshold rules' Timeline templates from being respected during investigations ({pull}137233[#137233]).
* Fixes a permissions bug related to the **Save Timeline** button ({pull}136724[#136724]).
* Fixes a bug with selecting Timeline templates with the same name ({pull}135694[#135694]).
* Fixes field aliases to `signal-threshold_result.*` ({pull}135565[#135565]).
* Fixes a bug that lost track of which rules you had selected after refreshing the Rules page ({pull}135533[#135533]).
* Fixes a bug that lost track of which rules you had selected after applying a bulk action on the Rules page ({pull}135291[#135291]).

> * Fixes a bug that prevented the Rules table from pausing auto-refresh while bulk actions are being applied ({pull}135208[135208]).

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
* Fixes a bug that prevented the Rules table from pausing auto-refresh while bulk actions were being applied ({pull}135208[135208]).
```

> * Fixes a bug that could cause queries with nested fields to fail open ({pull}134866[#134866]).

Reviewer 6: Please make sure this is correct. 
```suggestion
* Fixes a bug that could cause queries with nested fields to fail when opened ({pull}134866[#134866]).
```

Reviewer 2: This makes sense and is right.

[[release-notes-header-8.4.0]]
== 8.4

[discrete]
[[release-notes-8.4.0]]
=== 8.4.0

[discrete]

> [[known-issue-8.4.0]]

Reviewer 7: We have a known issue related to the prebuilt rule upgrade process: https://github.com/elastic/kibana/issues/139095. Should we also mention it here?

Reviewer 2: @xcrzx thanks for bringing this to our attention. If the bug affects `8.4.`, yes we can add that here. :)

Reviewer 7: I'd summarize it into something like this: A banner saying that an update is available for prebuilt detection rules is being erroneously displayed even when all rules are up to date. And unfortunately, there is no workaround to hide the banner. The issue will be fixed in `8.4.1`.

Reviewer 2: Thanks, @xcrzx ! We don't normally make forward-looking comments like when a bug will be fixed, but we can definitely use the first part and, if needed, mention that there's no current no workaround for removing the banner.

:pull: {pull}
There are no breaking changes in 8.4.0.
// end::breaking-changes[]

[discrete]
[[features-8.4.0]]
==== Features
* Creates a new rule type, New Terms, that creates an alert when a value appears for the first time in a particular field ({pull}134526[#134526]).
* Adds the Insights section to the Alert details flyout to show related cases and alerts ({pull}136009[#136009], {pull}138419[#138419])
* Shows process alerts in the event process analyzer ({pull}135340[#135340]).
* Adds support for wildcard exceptions for detection rules. New operators are `matches` and `does not match` ({pull}136147[#136147]).
* Adds a new search query parameter, `dry_run`, to the bulk actions API that allows you to simulate a bulk action without permanently updating rules ({pull}134664[#134664]).
* Creates the response console, an interface that enables you to take actions on specific hosts ({pull}135360[#135360], {pull}134520[#134520]).
* Enables a new method for the Task Manager API: `bulkUpdateSchedules`, which enables you to update the execution timing of `idle` tasks ({pull}132637[#132637]).

> * Includes integration policy errors and statuses in both {fleet} and {elastic-security} to help troubleshoot when an {agent} has an `Unhealthy` status.

Reviewer 2: The Elastic Security attribute isn't rendering in the HTML.

* Adds Attack surface reduction protections feature to reduce vulnerabilities on Windows endpoints. Credential hardening prevents attackers from stealing credentials stored in Windows system process memory.
* Adds an endpoint self-healing feature to roll back file changes and processes on Windows endpoints when a prevention alert is generated by enabled protection features.
* Adds the ability to run query packs as live queries ({pull}132198[#132198]).

> * Provides support for process, file, and network events in Kubernetes. You must enable the session view data setting on your {endpoint-cloud-sec} integration policy to enrich these events with session data and Kubernetes metadata fields.

Reviewer 2: @lrishi @qcorporation @norrietaylor @ferullo @nick-alayil please take a look at this and the other Endpoint features/fixes when you have a moment. Thanks!

[discrete]
[[bug-fixes-8.4.0]]
==== Bug fixes and enhancements
* Updates the Network page's UI to match the Hosts and Users pages ({pull}137541[#137541], {pull}136913[#136913]).

> * Fixes an error that could occur when you tried to apply an index pattern to rules using the bulk action option ({pull}134664[#134664]).

Reviewer 4: It would be more accurate to say something like:
```
Improves bulk editing experience by informing users ahead of time of how many rules would be affected and unaffected by the action.
```

Reviewer 2: Thanks for the review, @peluja1012! To clarify, did you want to remove the summary for 136418 and then add the PR link to the summary for 134664? It'd look like this:

Improves bulk editing experience by informing users ahead of time of how many rules would be affected and unaffected by the action (#134664), (136418).

Reviewer 3: @nastasha-solomon strictly speaking, https://github.com/elastic/kibana/pull/136418 is about improving bulk export UX, and export is not bulk editing.

What do you think about this:

> Improves the experience of bulk editing index patterns by informing users ahead of time of how many machine learning rules would be unaffected by the action (https://github.com/elastic/kibana/pull/134664)

> Improves the experience of bulk exporting rules by informing users ahead of time of how many rules would be affected and unaffected by the action (https://github.com/elastic/kibana/pull/136418)

Reviewer 2: Gotcha, thanks @banderror for pointing out that one's exporting and the other is for editing -- I was reading too fast and missed that detail. We can revise the summaries for both, thanks!

* Enhances rule previews with configurable rule intervals and look-back times ({pull}137102[#137102]).
* Enhances the `status pending` badge for endpoint actions with a detailed status when you hover on it ({pull}136966[#136966]).
* Turns grouped navigation on by default ({pull}136819[#136819]).
* Adds a confirmation dialog to bulk rule export ({pull}136418[#136418]).
* Adds index pattern information to the Inspect panel ({pull}136407[#136407]).
* Adds a custom dashboards table to the Dashboards page ({pull}136221[#136221], {pull}136671[#136671]).

> * Fixes a performance issue with alerts that have large fields ({pull}135956[#135956]).

Reviewer 4: It would be more accurate to say something like:
> Fixes a performance issue with creating alerts from source documents containing a large number of fields.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Fixes a performance issue with creating alerts from source documents that contain a large number of fields. ({pull}135956[#135956]).
```

* Updates the rule exceptions UI ({pull}135255[#135255]).
* Fixes performance issues with rules management ({pull}135311[#135311]).
* Allows you to define a fallback `@timestamp` when you've defined a timestamp override ({pull}135116[#135116]).
* Enhances the host risk score modal UI ({pull}133708[#133708]).
* Updates the lists index template to use new logic ({pull}133067[#133067]).
* Adds event filters to event correlation rules ({pull}132507[#132507]).
* Allows you to define a data view or index pattern for rules ({pull}130929[#130929]).

> * Creates a single visualization pane on the Alerts page, and adds a treemap view that shows the distribution of alerts as nested, proportionally-sized tiles. ({pull}126896[#126896]).

Reviewer 8: nit: I would change view to visualization

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Creates a single visualization pane on the Alerts page, and adds a treemap visualization that shows the distribution of alerts as nested, proportionally-sized tiles ({pull}126896[#126896]).
```

* Fixes an incorrect counter for exported rules ({pull}138598[#138598]).
* Fixes event filters based on OS version ({pull}138517[#138517]).
* Fixes a bug that could change the batch size for event search in indicator rules ({pull}138356[#138356]).

> * Fixes a bug that could crash the Alert details flyout ({pull}138331[#138331]).

Reviewer 8: Fixes a bug that prevented users from seeing the alert details flyout without having explicit permissions to the alert backing indices

Reviewer 2: @michaelolo24 what are alert-backing indices?

Reviewer 8: Ah sorry, let me rephrase "Fixes a bug that prevented users from seeing the alert details flyout without having explicit permissions to the internal index `.internal.alerts-security.alerts-spaceId`. Flyout now correctly uses the alias `.alerts-security,akerts-spaceId`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Fixes a bug that prevented users from accessing alert details if they didn't have the appropriate privileges to view the internal index `.internal.alerts-security.alerts-spaceId`. Now, the Alert details flyout correctly uses the public alias index `.alerts-security,akerts-spaceId` ({pull}138331[#138331]).
```

* Fixes the preview button for {ml} rules ({pull}137878[#137878]).
* Fixes a bug that could crash the Endpoints list when a policy ID was missing ({pull}137788[#137788]).
* Fixes a bug that could interfere with opening host or user details pages ({pull}137719[#137719]).
* Fixes several bugs related to refreshing the Alerts page ({pull}137620[#137620]).

> * Fixes a bug with bulk rule deletion with a defined data view ({pull}137585[#137585]).

Reviewer 4: Could we please remove this one? We incorrectly used the `release_not:fix` label. The bug was filed in early testing and related to a feature that is unreleased (we're releasing it in 8.4).

> * Fixes a bug with look-back time in the **Advanced query preview** ({pull}137517[#137517]).

Reviewer 4: Similarly, could we please remove this one? We incorrectly used the release_not:fix label. The bug was filed in early testing and related to a feature that is unreleased (we're releasing it in 8.4).

* Fixes a bug that prevented threshold rules' Timeline templates from being respected during investigations ({pull}137233[#137233]).
* Fixes a permissions bug related to the **Save Timeline** button ({pull}136724[#136724]).
* Fixes a bug with selecting Timeline templates with the same name ({pull}135694[#135694]).
* Fixes field aliases to `signal-threshold_result.*` ({pull}135565[#135565]).
* Fixes a bug that lost track of which rules you had selected after refreshing the Rules page ({pull}135533[#135533]).
* Fixes a bug that lost track of which rules you had selected after applying a bulk action on the Rules page ({pull}135291[#135291]).
* Fixes a bug that prevented the Rules table from pausing auto-refresh while bulk actions are being applied ({pull}135208[135208]).
* Fixes a bug that could cause queries with nested fields to fail open ({pull}134866[#134866]).
* Fixes a bug that slowed down the display of network details ({pull}133539[#133539]).

> * Various minor bug fixes and enhancements ({pull}133079[#133079], {pull}138135[#138135], {pull}138286[#138286], {pull}138131[#138131], {pull}137588[#137588], {pull}137511[#137511], {pull}137492[#137492], {pull}135907[#135907], {pull}135426[#135426]).

Reviewer 4: #138286, #138131 should be removed. Incorrect use of `release_not:fix` label.
